Doc Fix: `azurerm_private_service_connection` - add additional note around when `subresource_names` is required. (#26723)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/private_endpoint.html.markdown

* `private_connection_resource_alias` - (Optional) The Service Alias of the Private Link Enabled Remote Resource which this Private Endpoint should be connected to. One of `private_connection_resource_id` or `private_connection_resource_alias` must be specified. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `subresource_names` - (Required) A list of subresource names which the Private Endpoint is able to connect to. `subresource_names` corresponds to `group_id`. Possible values are detailed in the product [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/private-endpoint-overview#private-link-resource) in the `Subresources` column. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. 

Reviewer: The `Required`/`Optional` here is a reflection of the schema configuration, not just a documentation hint. Since the schema is marked Optional (as there are cases where this can and should not be specified) the docs need to continue to reflect this.

```suggestion
* `subresource_names` - (Optional) A list of subresource names which the Private Endpoint is able to connect to. `subresource_names` corresponds to `group_id`. Possible values are detailed in the product [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/private-endpoint-overview#private-link-resource) in the `Subresources` column. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. 
```

Author: Hi @jackofallops, thank you for the explanation. Yes, we can keep it optional and change the Note.

-> **NOTE:** Some resource types (such as Storage Account) only support 1 subresource per private endpoint.

> -> **NOTE:** Only for Private-link resource called "Private Link service", `subresource_names` can be omitted.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can turn this around to better help users understand they need to specify values in most cases?
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** For most Private Links one or more `subresource_names` will need to be specified, please see the linked documentation for details.
```

Author: Hi @jackofallops, now that I have a better understanding I'll go with your suggestion.
